Previously on The Good Wife...
J-Serve has stolen millions
of dollars
of intellectual property.
This civil suit
can't proceed
until the criminal case
has been resolved.
RAYNA:
If you help us
beat the Feds,
we can pick up
where we left off.
You're serious?
Yes.
What choice do you have?
MAN:
Turning to God.
What role has God
played in your life,
Senator Kirk?
Pastor, they say there are
no atheists in foxholes.
After my stroke, I was in a
very, very deep, uh, foxhole.
Hmm. So-so you think
you've become more religious?
I've become more respectful
of other people's faiths.
I've heard you
you go home every Friday
from the senate
to spend the Jewish Sabbath
with your family.
I go home every Friday
to be with my family.
We're _members _
of Congregation Beth Elohim.
It's where I feel at home
in the heart of Brooklyn.
(clears throat)
So, I have to do that?
If you want to get elected.
I thought it was a mistake
to talk about religion.
It is except for Pastor
Jeremiah's interview.
You run for office in Chicago,
you have to kiss the ring.
These political rules
keep changing
whenever you want them to.
Yes, but you're on record saying
you're an atheist, Alicia.
And voters don't
vote for atheists.
So, you need to take this
opportunity to say
that you've changed.
Changed to what?
To someone who isn't an atheist.
(doorbell rings)
And if I don't say that?
Then you'll lose.
And if I say it's
none of their business?
It is their business.
My lack of religion is
their business?
Yes, you're asking them to vote
for you so they deserve
to know who you are.
I'm an atheist.
They deserve to know who we
want them to think you are.
(doorbell rings)
Hi.
I'm your body woman.
I'm sorry?
I'm your body woman?
I didn't know
what it was either.
It's like _
your personal assrstant.
I stick to you,
making sure you're on time,
get on calls and your food
isn't poisoned.
I'm Marissa. Eli's daughter.
Oh, right. Hi.
I actually don't think
I need a body woman.
JOHNNY:
Yes, you do.
Dad would be upset
if you said no
'cause I'm supposed
to spy for him.
But I'm not a very good spy.
(phone ringing)
So don't worry.
Excuse me.
I'm gonna...
Hello?
ELSBETH:
Alicia, where are you?
Um, where am I?
Yes, you're not here.
Uh, Elsbeth, where are you?
The FBI.
We're meeting with Perotti
about the trade secret case.
Tomorrow.
No, today.
Yes, today until they called
and said tomorrow.
And they called everyone but me?
Elsbeth, I have to go.
I'll see you in court tomorrow.
Oh.
This department
considers this...
I am a busy woman,
Mr. Perotti.
I have more things
to do with my time
than to come here like a,
like a woman dragged here
out of her day.
How are you, Elsbeth?
If you want to have lunch
with me, call my office.
But don't pretend
it's about business,
then call everybody
else not to show up,
so it'll just be
me showing up.
I don't like that tie.
I'll change it. Camryn?
Did you call Ms. Tascioni
and Mrs. Florrick
last night and say
I had to cancel?
Yes, sir. I got
Ms. Tascioni's secretary.
(quietly):
Fantasia.
I'm gonna go.
So, I could ask you to lunch?
I only said that
as an example.
Is this case about me?
(laughs)
Elsbeth, your client
plagiarized their software
from another company.
They did not.
And even if they did,
they sell farting apps.
They sell jumping
grasshopper apps.
And encryption software.
Why is the Federal government
suddenly so interested
in protecting the code
of a grasshopper app?
Because the code was plagiarized
from a defense contractor.
You're making that up.
I'm not.
Well...
you're still gonna lose.
Alicia Florrick is on my side.
You expected to divide
and conquer us.
But it's gonna be hard to do
with both of us battling you.
Elsbeth, what are you doing?
I'm marshalling my forces.
I'm...
The way you're walking.
What-what is that?
You're scared
of sidewalk grates.
(stammers)
No. What?!
Yes! The way you're walking.
You were avoiding the grates.
No!
Oh, my God! You're so adorable.
Come here.
Walk with me.
No, I'm fine.
Come on.
Stop it! Stop it!
Stop that!
These things can support
10,000 pounds.
I could be carrying a Humvee
and I would still... Oh!
(screams)
(grunts)
Hmm.
That was mean.
(sniffs)
What do you smell like?
It's beautiful.
Baby lotion.
I'm wearing Old Spice.
Have lunch with me.
No.
I have to go.
This case is wrong.
And you need to stop it.
(elevator bell dings)
WOMAN:
Lockhart/Gardner/Canning,
please hold.
would you mind
holding, please?
This is Lockhart/
Gardner/Canning...
CANNING: Family is important
to this firm.
I realize it's
an old fashioned thing to say
because we live
In cynical times,
but_ we treat our clients
like they're family.
We're highly accessible, which
is why I give them my cell...
Son of a bitch!
We're being evicted.
How is that even possible?
Diane still sub-leases to us.
When Will died she became
the primary lease-holder.
So, what does she want-- money?
No. She wants
us out so she can move in. Look.
I have a friend at OSHA.
Jacques Cousteau's son?
What?
At... OSHA?
See if we can set her up
as an absentee landlord.
Yes, we can load up on
all the OSHA infractions.
DIANE:
"Handrails or ramps.
"$120,000 for installation.
"Handicapped restroom stall.
"98,000.
"Warped reception floor.
$333,000."
ALICIA: And you're wondering
if we should pay?
Yes, the total is
$650,000.
I don't understand.
Can‘t we evict_ them
wrthout paying?
Yes. But then they'll sue.
The question is
do we take the hit?
CARY: No, the question is
why are we moving at all?
Cary, we already voted.
CARY:
Alicia, we are ending up
right back where we started.
Yes, but we will still be us.
We won't be Lockhart/Gardner.
The whole point
of starting our own firm
was so that we can build
something on our own.
And if we weren't
financially in a hole,
we might be able to do more
with our infrastructure.
Come on. I didn't ask you
to bail me out.
ALICIA: Cary, I wasn't talking
about bail.
You may not need to pay.
What do you mean?
(Alicia and Cary arguing)
Alicia, Cary, hold on. Hold on!
BAILIFF: All rise!
I have to go anyway.
I'll call you later.
Canning has real estate.
My guess is he'll have just
as many OSHA issues
on his property.
Good. See what you can find out.
Let's hold off
on discussing this
until Kalinda can find out more.
Cary, where are you?
Five dollars.
Iw Core-- the five
Iw League law schools.
Every time someone does work,
it's five dollars.
Let's go.
Pay up.
MAN: _
My name IS
Nils Landrusyshym.
That's spelled the usual way.
It's L-A-N-D-R-U-S-
Y-S-H-Y-M.
I'm an app designer at J-Serve.
And before that you worked
at QZO Systems.
Is that correct,
Mr. Landrusyshym?
You pronounced my name right.
Thanks, man.
Well, that's because I listen.
Objection.
Mr. Perotti is trying
to endear himself
to the_ witness.
(whispers):
In my opinion.
What?
You have to say
"In my opinion."
Are you hazing me?
In my opinion, Your Honor.
Sustained.
Uh, I'm sor... uh,
what was the objection?
What am I doing wrong?
Don't endear yourself
to the witness.
Okay.
Thank you, Ms. Tascioni.
Mrs.
"Mrs."?
You're married?
I was. I'm divorced.
I didn't know that.
You didn't ask.
JUDGE:
Excuse me, Counselors.
We're in the middle
of questioning here.
Oh, sorry.
Um, what was the question?
Uh, before J-Serve, did he work
at QZO Systems?
You may answer,
Mr. Landroo-shim-shum.
Yes, I did.
And QZO is a contractor
for the United States
Department of Defense, isn't it?
Yup.
If you're ever looking for a
tracking or a monitoring system,
they're your go-to.
Mr. Landrusyshym,
what is that?
Those are lines of code.
from the DelCheck app.
Code that you wrote?
Uh, yeah.
A Nils Landrusyshym original.
Camilla, the app
that he was working on--
did you sell that
as part of the package
to China?
Yes. Why?
And what is that?
Uh, that looks like
the same code.
It is, in fact.
This is identical code used
by your former employer QZO.
Code which you also wrote.
_ You used the same code
In each company's product.
Your Honor, objection.
The AUSA, in our opinion,
is not being upfront
about the real charges.
I'm not sure what the defense
is talking about, Your Honor.
Your... Honor?
(whispers):
In your opinion.
Uh, in my opinion,
Your Honor.
I would agree, Ms. Florrick.
What is the issue here?
This is a Trojan Horse
prosecution, Your Honor.
The AUSA, in our opinion,
has _no intention
of trying our client,
Camilla Vargas,
on Trade Secret charges.
China?!
Mr. Perotti intends to bring
economic espionage charges
against our client,
in my opinion,
and he has disguised
his true intentions
to get our witnesses
on the record.
Is that true, Mr. Perotti?
Your Honor..._
Answer the question,
AUSA?
Camilla Vargas was CEO
of J-Serve
when they sold
proprietary software
from a defense contractor
to a Chinese company.
A civil Chinese company.
A civil Chinese company with
ties to the Chinese government.
That encryption software
designed for our defense
is now in the hands
of the Chinese.
And those responsible
at J-Serve are now subject
to charges
of economic espionage,
with a minimum sentence
of ten to 15 years
in a Federal penitentiary.
Oh, my God.
So, yes, I would like
to amend the charge
to economic espionage.
WOMAN: How do you stop a lawyer
from drowning?
Shoot him before
he hits the water.
You really do
know them all!
So, what's the name
of your firm?
Florrick-Agos.
Oh.
Right, right.
The governor's wife.
Yeah.
Good firm?
Yeah, yeah.
We have our days.
I heard one of the partners
got in trouble.
Arrested or something.
Yeah.
Cary Agos.
Right. What's he like?
He is a good guy.
(laughs)
Ah, you are,
you are looking at him.
Really?
Uh...
Thank you. Okay.
Tonight. 8:00 pm.
Castro interviews first.
You second.
What do I say?
You walk back the atheism.
Yes, but how?
You don't need to bring me
coffee, Marissa.
It's not coffee, it's milk.
Dad says you should use
the courthouse shooting.
It made you decide
to change your life.
No, I'm not gonna use that.
Why milk?
Why not?
"Recently,
"I've realized my negativity
toward religion was based on
seeing the hypocrisy among
the ultra-conservative."
What is that?
It's a quote.
For you.
_ "But then I realized there
IS great warmth and beauty
in a higher
being."
"Realized"?
What is she, eight?
She just "realized"...
Whoa.
Excuse me.
The body woman isn't
supposed to talk so much.
Oh, uh, I guess I'm not supposed
to have an opinion.
How about that book
by Barbara Ehrenreich?
Why don't you say
you've read it and you got
to thinking about
God in a new way?
Sort of a... epiphany.
They don't want to hear
about epiphanies.
They're like Orthodox Jews.
They want to know if
you're in their column.
Who are
you calling?
Hello?
ALICIA:
Grace, it's Mom.
Religion is in my life again.
*
So, you're the felon?
That's me,
the hardened criminal.
You heading out?
I was.
Back to lockup.
So Harvard to holding.
Sounds like a book.
A short one.
Three days behind bars-- that
doesn't give you much material.
No gang rape?
No.
Strangely enough, not.
Well, that's too bad.
'Cause that would've
been a turn-on.
(sniffing)
Is that baby lotion?
(elevator bell dings)
(Alicia speaking quietly)
It's not enough to show
that the codes are similar.
To prove economic espionage,
they need to show that you knew
the Chinese company was going
to give it to the government.
Good.
Because I didn't.
Okay, I'll cross-examine.
Why?
The AUSA has
a thing for me.
I think I can
distract him.
BAILIFF:
All rise.
Edwin Fong.
Owner and managing partner
of The Fong Consulting Group.
PERO'I'I'I:
Mr. Fong,
you are the one
who brokered the sale
of the app
in question
between J-Serve and
the Baowen Group?
I did.
J-Serve was eager to make
a bigger push into China.
I connected them
with Mr. Baowen.
So you worked closely with
Camilla Vargas when she was CEO?
The defendant?
FONG:
For three years, yes.
She was the one
who hired my firm.
Okay.
Um...
And did you
keep Ms. Vargas in the loop
during the app negotiations?
FONG:
I did. I had to.
She wanted to
know every detail.
And did she, uh...
Did the
defendant...
Uh, did, um...
(quietly):
Ms. Vargas.
Right. Ms. Vargas.
Did she... did, uh...
uh, strike that.
Did you ask her whether
Mr. Baowen's company
was connected
to the Chinese
government?
Yes. And I
told her yes.
That's a lie.
PERO'I'I'I:
So she knew this app--
this stolen app-- would make
its way to the Chinese?
Objection, Your Honor.
Calls for speculation,
in my opinion.
JUDGE:
Yes. Sustained.
Mr. Perotti?
Yes, Your Honor.
Oh, I'm good. I'm good.
questions.
Mr. Fong,
is Camilla Vargas a bitch?
Objection, Your Honor.
That calls for an opinion.
Actually, Your Honor,
I'm just quoting Mr. Fong
from last week's trial.
"I advised J-Serve
"that China is_ a
patriarchal soaety.
"And having a brash and bitchy
female CEO_ was
problematic."
Didn't you say
that, Mr. Fong?
FONG:
Yes, but just
to be clear, I put air-quotes
around "bitchy."
So you were quoting
someone who called her bitchy?
No.
And, um, wasn't it your
opinion that Ms. Vargas
be left out of
the negotiations?
Didn't you
testify to that?
Is that a "yes,"
Mr. Fong?
Yes.
In fact, you went
over her head
to the board
of directors,
and kept key information
away from Ms. Vargas.
Mr. Fong?
Yes.
Nothing further.
(mouthing)
It's odd,
being back.
It's like being
behind enemy lines.
Looks good.
Oh, yeah.
Good evening.
DIANE:
And to you as well.
CANNING:
May I offer you
something to drink?
Um, no,
we're fine.
Any more pleasantries
or shall we start?
How is your health,
Mr. Canning?
Well, I'm on a list for
kidney transplants.
I'm sorry.
CANNING:
Oh, don't be.
At least I'm
on the list.
And, uh, I feel
kind of ghoulish,
waiting for someone to die
and give me a kidney.
Well, I really, um...
I hope things work out.
Thank you.
I don't suppose
one of those
folders holds
a check for
$550,000?
KALINDA:
44 Brewer Street.
1530 Carpenter Avenue.
(laughs)
220 Lonsdale Road.
What?
Those are my
buildings.
They're-they're using the same
OSHA complaints against me
that I used
against them.
Yes, there are
a dozen violations
of the Americans
with Disabilities Act.
Total cost to repair
is $1.6 million.
If you drop the OSHA charges
against me,
we won't push
these against you.
Okay.
Louis.
No, they-they
have us.
We won't report
your violations.
You have my word.
Well, thank you.
And, uh, again,
I'm very sorry
about your
health issues.
Let me know if
I can do anything.
CANNING:
Well, there is something.
DAVID:
So we went back
to the amendment
to the lease agreement.
Page 24,
paragraph 18C.
It requires your
physical presence
_on the_
premises, Diane.
And your physical presence ended
when you walked out.
Four weeks ago?
Four weeks, two days.
_ DAVID:
Since you're
in violation
of this lease
and no longer have
any legal hold
on the property...
you can't evict us.
CANNING:
But, Diane,
thank you for your concern.
(sighs)
Do you want to drop this?
What do you mean?
Well, there is a way
to beat them.
How? I haven't been here
for four weeks.
I remember having
that amendment inserted
when I thought that
Will would push me out.
It doesn't require
your personal presence.
It just requires
a partner
from Florrick-Agos
to be an occupant.
VVho?
(snoring)
DIANE:
No.
Yep.
(laughing)
And how do you pray?
With ACTS?
With any other mnemonic device?
ALICIA:
Acts. That's
from the Bible?
No, um... ACTS.
Adoration,
confession,
thanksgiving and
supplication.
It's to remind
you how to pray:
not just to
ask for things.
But, Mom, you don't
need to know all this.
I know, I just want
to feel comfortable.
It's like opening
arguments in court.
I know I won't
use it all,
but it makes me
conﬁdent
Are you going to say
that you believe in God?
No.
Are you going to say
that you're an atheist?
No.
Then what are
you gonna say?
I don't know.
That I think
I'm struggling with it?
Are you?
No.
Maybe.
I don't know.
You want some
help with that?
(laughs)
I can't believe
in God, Grace.
I know.
Why not?
I don't feel it
the way you do.
I don't feel
the need.
Then what's
the struggle?
Politics.
Okay.
You don't judge me?
No.
I love you.
(muffled rock music playing,
elevator bell dings)
(elevator doors open,
woman giggling)
CARY:
Hold on, hold on.
Gotta get my keys.
(giggles)
Oh, damn.
What?
Mr. Agos.
Good evening.
Ms. Grubick.
You've been drinking, Mr. Agos.
I have.
Which is my right.
GRUBICK:
It is. Any drugs?
Not yet.
But the night is young.
CARY:
No, she's joking.
SYLMAR (laughing):
No, I'm not.
Who is this, Cary?
I am Mr. Agos's
pretrial services officer.
My job is to make certain
Mr. Agos lives up to
the dictates of his bail.
I wish you called, Ms. Grubick.
Well, when I spot-check,
I don't call.
Where's your bathroom?
Through there.
Which of you
drove home?
Neither.
We were too
inebriated.
Good.
How many bedrooms?
One.
Did you take a taxi?
No, we got
an Uber.
Oh, good,
an Uber car.
Can I see?
See...?
The, uh, record on your iPhone.
SYLMAR:
You don't have to
show her anything!
I'm not lying.
I didn't think you were.
Cary, you're obviously
severely inebriated.
You weren't
at work all day.
Your immediate superior
didn't know where you were.
I was at_a
Harvard mixer.
Your companion says
you're planning to use drugs.
She was joking.
All I'm asking
is to see the Uber trip
on your iPhone
to confirm that
you were not drivmg.
Click on the Uber app
for me, please?
Thank you.
(disappointed sigh)
What?
Cary, I'm going to have
to call officers,
place you under arrest.
What? Why?
You went over
the state line.
You were in Indiana.
Oh, come on.
Are you kidding me?
No.
The terms of your bail
were quite explicit.
You are confined to Illinois.
It was a half-mile
into Indiana.
Yeah, and
I told you
to take this more seriously.
The court takes this
very seriously.
Hello, yes.
This is, uh,
PSO 12-385.
I need an officer.
Please, Ms. Grubick.
I made a mistake.
I wasn't thinking
about where I was going.
1313 Barbary Court.
No rush.
Thank you.
(phone beeps off)
This is stupid.
MAN:
Three... two... one.
And now, turning to God...
Uh-oh.
(laughing):
Now why do you
say "uh-oh"?
I think you're preparing
to pull a quote from my past.
That's fine,
she's doing fine.
You're making
me nervous.
Oh, I have to go get her.
JEREMIAH:
Well, a matter of fact, uh...
two years ago,
you went on the record
and declared that
you were an atheist.
Now, do you still
believe that?
Do I believe that
I'm an atheist?
You were quite
insistent at the time.
(laughs)
That sounds like me.
My life has gone through a
lot of changes over the years.
You're speaking of the scandal?
Yes, and everything.
If you had asked me six years
ago where I would be today,
it would not be running
for state's attorney.
(chuckles)
Yes, life is humbling.
It is that.
And with each passing month,
I find my dogmatism decreasing.
I don't understand.
ALICIA:
Well, I can't say for certain
that God doesn't exist.
Ugh, say it positively,
not negatively.
Okay. So you're
not not an atheist.
(laughs) I'm sorry, that's my
inner-lawyer coming out.
I'm listening.
If it's one thing I hate
it's when people don't listen.
So, I'm open.
To people who talk about God?
Yes. Recently, I have looked
for answers outside of myself.
Is this due to the shooting
in the courthouse
last year
of your law partner?
I'm sorry.
It's probably still difficult
for you to talk about that.
It is.
Good, good.
JEREMIAH: There's never
a way to prepare for death.
No.
And God sometimes
fills the void.
You were talking
about listening to people
who share their love of God.
Now, is one of those people
your daughter, Grace?
JEREMIAH:
I understand that she's become
a Christian, herself,
over the last couple of years.
Yes, it is not
just the politicians
who have good research interns.
(laughs)
Has Grace talked to you?
Yes.
And shared her witness?
Well, she's talked to me
about God.
You love your daughter
very much, don't you?
Yes.
I know you're uncomfortable
talking about Christ
and Grace sharing
her faith journey,
but she must have had some kind
of impact on your thinking?
Yes, she has.
Mrs. Florrick.
Yes, that's it.
I know you don't pray, not yet.
But I want
to pray With you.
And I'm sure Grace is praying at
this very moment for you, too.
JEREMIAH: God, thank you
for Alicia's honesty tonight...
MARISSA:
That went well.
I was in Israel
for a couple years.
Everybody there talks about God.
Like he's some uncle
hiding in the attic.
Drives you crazy.
Do you believe in God?
Yeah, but even I don't
like talking about it.
I don't like pretending
to be someone I'm not
when I'm being interviewed.
Really?
You're good at it.
Your Honor, it was one quarter
of a mile outside of Illinois.
It doesn't matter if it was
one mile or a hundred miles.
Yes, it does.
This is the kind of minutia
that makes the law insane.
Cary drove ten minutes from his
home to a Harvard get-together.
The route just happened to
take him outside of the state.
Yes, and I just acted
as ASA on five bail hearings
where the ball was revoked due
to Similarly picayune reasons.
And the only reason
that we're debating this is
because Mr. Agos went to
a Harvard mixer, and he's white.
This is_ not
a race issue.
Oh, it is,
actually.
Your Honor...
No!
I talk now.
_ There was_a man
just in here in tears,
but I had to revoke his bail
because he went
to his child's birthday.
So, yeah, I agree Mr. Agos,
it is a minor offense,
but the law
is the law.
Now, how long will it take you
to finish your report,
Miss, uh... Lucy?
I mean, Miss...
You.
24 hours.
Good, advise me on how to modify
the bail restrictions,
and then I'll make my decision.
That's it.
ALICIA:
Good morning.
Morning.
Hi.
What's up?
Not much, why?
Have you heard this song
I heard on the radio?
"Call Me Maybe"?
Yeah.
I like it.
Is it popular?
It... it was, a few years ago.
Guess I'm late to everything.
I just, I can't get it
out of my head.
* Hey, I just met you
* And this is crazy...
(humming)
You're good, right?
Oh, yeah.
Me?
Stanley Pronovost.
I'm an analyst in the CIA's
Directorate of Science
and Technology.
Mr. Pronovost, are you familiar
with the DelCheck app
designed by J-serve,
the defendant's company?
Yes.
And have you analyzed
the app's decryption code?
I have.
Now, have you seen this
decryption code anywhere else?
Yes, last month.
Kid on my staff came across
a program out of Beijing
with the exact same code.
And to whom did
this program belong?
The MSS, China's CIA.
And how could the MSS
use this program?
It'd be like a Swiss
army knife for hackers.
They could break into
almost any database.
Banks, brokerage
houses.
Even stock exchanges.
You want me?
This is a young firm,
with young partners.
You bring experience,
wisdom.
You have a lot to
teach people, Howard.
Well, this is...
bit out of the blue.
Well, when one is
pursuing excellence,
does timing really matter?
The last time someone
tried to woo me was 1958.
Farrow & McDaniel.
(laughs)
Good thing I said no--
they went belly up in '59.
Well, if you'd said yes,
maybe they'd still be around.
Aha!
Want more money.
Howard,
you know this isn't about money
for somebody like you.
Come on, it's about
being in court.
(cell phone rings)
It's about the rush
of cross-examination.
Canning and David Lee, they
won't let you argue in court.
They don't
believe in you.
We do.
Okay, so you want any app sold
to the Chinese?
We think the Feds
are overreaching here.
The Chinese could've gotten
the encryption code
from any civilian-purchased app.
Okay, I'm on it, um...
How's Cary doing?
How's he...?
What?
Why? What do you mean?
The spot-check last night.
I haven't seen him here.
Uh... what?
He was re-arrested last night.
GRUBICK:
Miss Sharma?
Yep.
I'm Joy Grubick.
I'm Mr. Agos's pretrial
services officer.
You have a few minutes to talk?
So... yes!
You are the _firm's
private investigator?
Yes, I am.
And before that,
you held a similar position
with Lockhart/Gardner.
Or was it Lockhart/
Gardner/Canning?
Wait, no, um...
Both of them.
And, yes,
I worked there.
Yes.
Uh, do you work
closely with Mr. Agos?
Yes.
And does your relationship
extend to the personal?
We're friends.
Um...
In 2012, uh...
you were arrested...
for harassing a juror.
Well, the charge
was dropped.
But you were arrested?
Yeah.
2011? Yes, '11.
You were the subject
of a grand jury hearing
for the beating
of a witness,
a psychologist
named Dr. Booth?
Well, there was
no indictment.
I'd never met
Dr. Booth.
Mm...
So, have you worked for Mr. Agos
on any of the
Lemond Bishop cases?
Yes, for Alicia Florrick
and Diane Lockhart.
So, I'm assuming that, uh...
you have regular interaction
with, uh, Mr. Bishop?
Had.
He's no longer a client.
Oh.
Uh...
Well, what about
Mr. Bishop's employees?
Might you interact
with them?
Of his legitimate
businesses, yes.
You have an opinion...
on whether Mr. Agos is fit
for further bail release?
I do.
He's the most
honest person I know.
And his re-arrest is a testament
to the inadequacies of the Cook
County system, not of Cary Agos.
* I threw a wish in the well
* Don't ask me,
I'll never tell *
* I looked to you as it fell
* And now you're in my way
* Hey, I just met you
* And this is crazy
* But here's my number
* And all the other boys...
No, no, no.
It's not what you think.
Fantasia!
She's gone,
she let me in.
You need to go.
I couldn't stand it when you
said you were married in court.
Well, I was married.
I wanted to yell
right there.
Why?
'Cause...
I looked at you.
* Your stare was holding
* Ripped jeans,
skin was showin' *
* Hot night, wind was blowin'
* Where you think
you're goin', baby? *
Oh, no.
* Hey, I just met you
* And this is crazy
* But here's my number
* It's hard to look right
Um... I-I really need
to work out more.
No, I used to be a lot skinnier.
You are the most
beautiful woman I've ever met.
* And this is crazy
* But here's my number
We're in court together.
(gasps)
Baby lotion.
Dear God.
I couldn't get the smell of you
out of my mind.
Damn your Old Spice to hell.
Oh.
* I missed you so, so bad...
Thank you, God,
for all your blessings.
Thank you for tonight
and for being with friends.
And for stimulating
conversation.
And for your great Word.
We're especially thankful
tonight for Grace.
She has done
something extraordinary
in the last 24 hours, Jesus.
She has reached her mother.
Her mom is finally
listening to her.
Her mom,
whose heart was hardened,
has finally come around.
So I want us all
to take Grace's example
and never give up
on our loved ones.
Thank you, Grace.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
ALL:
So what did you say, Grace,
that made your mom listen?
Um, well, you know,
she's still struggling.
We all are.
The important thing is she
opened the door even an inch.
And you opened
that door.
DIANE:
Hello, gentlemen.
How'd you get past reception?
I let them in.
What now, Diane?
I'm here about my lease.
Page 24, paragraph 18D.
(David chuckles)
You thinkjust showing up
counts as physical presence?
There's not a court
in the land...
Actually, no. We're talking
about paragraph 18D.
If the leaseholder
is unable to be
physically on the premises,
said obligation
may be fulfilled
by his or her proxy.
Say hello to his
or her proxy.
You hired him?
It's your final eviction notice.
You have 24 hours.
HOWARD: My physical
presence and I
will be in my office,
should you need me.
KALINDA:
HI.
Kalinda, anything on
the other apps?
ELSBETH:
Hi, Kalinda.
It's Elsbeth, too.
KALINDA: Hi, Elsbeth.
No, um, nothing with
any kind of decryption code.
But, in 2002,
the same Chinese company
bought a firewall program
from a Boston firm by the name
of Cunneyworth Dunlap.
Cunneyworth? What is that?
It's a CIA front company.
You're kidding.
No. They had to close shop
a few months later
after their name appeared
in news_stories about_
the Valerie Plame affair.
ALICIA: Okay, well,
we can argue double standard,
that the US. government
did the same thing
they're accusing J-Serve of.
ELSBETH:
Do you have any documentation?
I'm trying to get my hands
on an invoice,
but it's gonna take some time.
ALICIA:
We'll ask for a further delay.
KALIN DA: Okay.
No.
Yes, Elsbeth?
I think there might be
another way.
What other way?
I've got his buttons.
(phone beeps)
Are you all right?
Yeah. Why?
I heard about last night.
Yeah. 800 yards into Indiana,
and I'm a felon again.
Well, we're here
for you, Cary.
I know we've had
our differences about work,
but anything you need,
we're here.
I think it's best I
take a break from work.
No.
Alicia, they're
coming after me,
and whatever I do,
I'm an anvil here.
No.
We do this together.
(sighs)
Okay.
After further interviews,
this officer concludes
that the bail infraction
was inadvertent.
But the officer also concludes
that Mr. Agos has been
casual in his conformity
to judicial rulings.
Therefore, we advise
further restrictions on bail.
What restrictions?
Ankle monitoring bracelet
and a 9:00 curfew.
Your Honor, lawyer hours would
make this highly impractical.
That's unfortunate.
I don't care.
What else, Ms. Grubick?
No contact with
the firm investigator
Kalinda Sharma.
I'm sorry, what?
Uh, 725 ILCS
185 prohibits interaction with
anyone considered dangerous.
JUDGE:
Why is she dangerous?
Prior arrests,
a grand jury charge
and contact with Lemond Bishop.
DIANE: This is unacceptable,
Your Honor. Ms. Sharma is
an integral part of the
operation of Mr. Agos's firm.
Yes, and Kalinda Sharma works
closely on Mr. Agos's cases,
as well as being
a social, uh, acquaintance,
but my report advises that the
court's rulings are paramount.
JUDGE: ASA Polmar, do you agree
with these added restrictions?
We do, Your Honor.
All right.
The bail is approved,
but only with these
further restrictions applying.
And if you break the rules
again, young man,
your bail will be revoked,
and you'll spend the
rest of your time
until trial behind bars.
(door opens)
Hi.
(chuckles):
Here are your buttons.
Oh. (chuckles)
Thank you.
Oh, and here...
is one of yours I found
in my hair this morning.
(chuckles)
That song's been
in my head.
Mm...
Actually, I'm here for work.
Oh.
One of our investigators,
Kalinda Sharma,
found an invoice from
a CIA shell company
that sold firewall software
to everyone's favorite
Chinese company.
I think the judge would love to
hear how the Justice Department
is selectively prosecuting us.
Mm. I take it you have an
original invoice as proof.
I do indeed.
Huh.
How do I know you're not faking?
Uh-huh.
Well...
Yeah.
(Elsbeth gasps,
shredder whirring)
That was evidence!
Yes.
And now it's gone.
What you just did is illegal.
No, what you think I
just did was illegal.
You just dropped it
in your shredder.
(sighs) Yes. I'm sorry.
So... last night
didn't matter to you?
It did.
But work is work.
So you are fully aware that
you just destroyed evidence,
Assistant United States Attorney
Josh Perotti,
at 9:47 am.
Nice try, Elsbeth.
But that recording
is inadmissible.
It requires
two-party consent.
Well, then you need to spend
more time in Illinois
and less in DC, because
this state's Supreme Court
recently struck down
the two-party consent law.
I only need one party.
And that's me.
And I, oh... I consent.
(phone beeps)
So... call me.
Maybe.
Are you sure about this,
Mr. Perotti?
Yes, Your Honor.
We are withdrawing all charges
against J-Serve
and Camilla Vargas.
The Justice Department
considers this matter closed.
JUDGE:
Okay, then.
This was a supreme waste
of time.
(gavelbangs)
In your opinion?
CAMILLA:
Thank you, both.
Now we can go back to suing you
for $23 million.
Oh, I can't wait.
See you in court.
You shouldn't have done it.
You shouldn't
have either.
Are you heading out?
Yeah, back to DC.
Bye, Elsbeth.
Good-bye, Josh.
(sniffing)
(elevator bell dings)
You've got to
be kidding me.
DIANE: Well, the first order
of business
is replacing that.
They removed
the "F," the "A," and the "L."
Subﬂe.
(laughs)
Well, Cary says he's fine
with David Lee's office,
so I guess this
is you and me.
No, take mine.
No, Diane.
I could use
a fresh start.
You take my office.
I won't hear of it.
*
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org